[Women] I think the best thing would be to start a job.
[Girl] No no!
[Doctor. Phil Yes, she needs a job.
[Girl] No! [Wailing]
[Chuckles of Pewdie]
how are you guys! It's me, PewDiePie.
Welcome to the Week of Fun for Children
We've come to this point, have not we? Two days running, really Felix? [Laugh]
Listen, I was going to play a game but it did not work
So, here we are again, the children
You guys saw this? I heard you guys about this this? A 19-year-old girl is crying
Because they must get a job
What is the absolute spoiled naughty?
Is not it nice to laugh at people?
Especially when they cry
Nicole will become 16th next month. She's dead on giving her a car. It's normal for people to get beautiful cars.
So you want a car for $ 250,000
$ 231,000. Nikolerstek will be 16 next month. She's dead on giving her a car.
Have a car? I did not have a car until I was 21 years old, guys
It's normal for people to get beautiful cars. I want one.
It is not natural
* Hits the wall * I am very angry. Li photographed a punch? Was it too low?
* Hits the wall again *
I want a Mercedes-Benz J-Wag Matte Black AMG
I want ads on all of my videos. I want * pood laugh *
I want at least five of them and I want all of my videos to be monetizable and not age-restricted. Well, this will not happen. Okay
life is unfair. You do not always get what you want a fool at the age of fifteen
Take care
The car shakes when I do it
Incredibly the car shakes because of the engine
Did you know that if you put him in the gear, she could move too
My favorite part is the doors because they are only huge and then they have this designer. She likes line design
Sorry, I realize I'm nitpicking but there's plenty to p- * More bio laugh *
There is a lot of focus on sorry,
Can we go back? She loves everyone's line?
Yes, why do you like this car?
It has a line on the side. Love her. Absol- this wall by the way. It's uh uh white
I absolutely love it.
I love the design here
Now I'm thinking that I really need a red and black Louis Vuitton Palm Springs backpack to go with this
I think I understood the second amendment now, I think I understand
I may need the bus to work every day so I can buy G-Wagon AMG matte black
Well, you're right
Do not buy it then you shmuck absolute
I need it. Yes. Why do you want a car worth $ 231,000?
Because I can get it. I want G-Wagon more than ever before
I'm not kidding
The exact G-Wagon I want is $ 231,000. I'm a princess. I definitely deserved it
you know
This theory has long been that we only need to send children to an island where they fight for their lives
And only their strength will come out alive
At a very early age, Nicolet had its own credit cards, but without credit limits. (You dumbf * absolute ck)
Some of its most popular credit card bonds will be ten thousand. I just paid the bill
* Irony like Indian soap opera * Sometimes the bill has ten thousand paid bill
Why did you pay it? Listen? To cash a deal well, I can be your daughter for half that amount (same)
I realize that I should start reducing because this is out of control
That went just like tons of bricks. right Now. Monthly spending allowance is $ 1000
I feel like a peasant
You know I did not think I could find anyone else annoying to replace Tai's night but I think we did it
We did it, young people. Well done
I can not live like this anymore I'm always money
If you ask me I think my mom should give me at least 2500 a month to cover my basic expenses
2500?
When are you 15 years old?
Yes. Looks like this sounds like * really jarring *
Do you agree that you agree to the right? Yes sure
So our introduction now goes on Dr. Phil
But at first they always provide parents
You've celebrated his thirteenth birthday, you buy designer clothes, right?
Yes really. Membership Gym with personal trainer, $ 100 per hour
* * haptepatchapatchhaeweaptcapacha
$ 100 ... per hour ... your coach at the gym
Membership Gym was a personal trainer for one hundred dollars an hour now, guys
I never used to call a 15-year-old girl and say she was overweight. I just would not do that. Okay?
I love red and black a lot
right Now. All I'm saying is where do you go? I just compared my sister
And then
Finally she entered as she spoke with legendary legend Bill Bell
I do not like what I see
You created me
I created a monster
It's even psychology about how horrible and disgusting they are.
You created me, Mom
It's like a kind of curious circus with a wild face
* * yumadedisyumadediss
I do not like what I see. You created ... I
I've created a naughty Beverly Hills.
Why do you think it is this way?
I think I made it this way
You did it, you educated me, you should have the best education
* ooooooooohhhhhhhhh * * Absolutely wild, girl !!!! *
oooooofh!
Full blame conversion
who is this? ALINITYYY ???
It is not my fault that I am a terrible man is your fault *
You must become a streamer. She will do great. What do you think she should have done? What do you think? She had to do it. Did not I?
I do not know. I never loved as a child
* Hahaha *
* * *
I've never heard an audience laugh at someone to say that.
I do not know. I never liked it. * Satanic laugh *
I'm sure there is some inherent psychological damage to this girl, but everyone hates her a lot
It does not just matter, it's a beautiful thing we can celebrate it all
Do you really feel that way?
Dr. Phil * pewds silent laugh *
Do you really feel that I do not believe you, brutal. Do you really feel that I do not believe you Savage
Do you really feel this way Have you ever looked at someone wondering what is going on inside their heads? Do you really feel this way Have you ever looked at someone wondering what is going on inside their heads?
Strange strange laugh
* I'am Illiterate *
* Satanic screams *
How are people treated?
I'm like a peasant
I did not know Ben Shapiro had a sister
But have nothing to do with not having the right material idea. I have my bags
what do you mean?
My bag is my friends
These are not friends that are rigid things.
Dr. Phil is always there to close it.
Sorry, this is not a friend
This is the table you wash
I just love how to say it in such a monotonous tune.
Sorry, you have no friends at all. Just admit it already
You wrote to me
Tell me what you want me to talk to your mother.
wait!
I asked to be on d. Elephant
Wait a minute
I want my mother to understand that I can not live for $ 1000 a month and have grown up in a certain lifestyle
Can not take this away from me immediately. If someone took his lifestyle away from them
She did not like it and grew up on it. all what I know. I can not handle this
So I came to you for help.
Okay
* Shot * * Daughter thanking *
Wait, so I went to Dr. Phil to tell Dr. Phil
They do not get enough money, and they actually think they have a case there
I smell a smell. She wants to give me a Mercedes. C-class. Uh
* dorrr * * aaahhhh *
I will accept that car
I will be happy with this car
bitch
Ohhhhhhhh
I WANT THE G-WAGON
I will not drive anything that can be considered UberX
- What?
And UberX
And UberX?
Yes, we will go UberLUX and above
* Bio-injection * My God
I hate this girl at all
* I too, poods *
My God
Violence, pain and torture, these things are all logical for me now. All this is clear to me
I fully understand. I think the best thing is to start a job. Yeah. at all. She needs a job
NOOOOOO !!!!!!!! * Maybe a fake cry *
OHHHHH Here comes the tears
* * hohohohohoh
I think it would be nice if you volunteered more in the soup kitchen you can do some wonderful volunteer work there
* More tears everybodeeh *
You know, there will be when I am I can not support myself on YouTube anymore
Very soon from the hit hit the bell button please guys please
What do you mean I have to get a real job
* nooooo nooooo nooohooho! *
No!
It's a new job at home. See you post in the world
of course not
* Peeking *
So there you have it all
Copy them all to fake everyone
She is a representative. There is no fifteen years of age written to d. Phil says unusually that they want more money
This does not happen. So crying does not seem true, true
* Fantastic fake *
I mean I saw some ugly crying but my God
What do you think of leaving like if you think it's real and leave like if you think men are fake? thank you
Lots to watch another video
* gooodbye everyboodeh *
* Thank you for using my translations *
*we appreciate that*
* What r u doing here ?! Video on men! Do you want to see his videos close to pskd again? *
* It will not happen *